There’s nothing to eat in this house.
You’re right.
We really need to go shopping soon.
Soon? That’s no good.
We need food now.
Don’t worry. Where’s the phone?
The phone?
What do you want the phone for?
Wait and see.
Hello?
Is this Andy’s Chicken House?
Yes,
I’d like to order some chicken.
Can you get the door?
Yes, I would like twelve pieces...
Hi.
- Hey.
- Hi, Dan. Hi, Tom.
Hi, guys.
Mmm, something smells good.
Is that for us?
Um, well, ...
I’m really hungry.
Well, it isn’t ready yet.
We can wait in the living room.
No, no. We can wait in the kitchen.
It’s OK.
Yeah, we can watch you cook.
So when is dinner ready, Tom?
Soon.
And who’s cooking it?
We are.
Tom’s dad
is just finishing it for us.
Your dad's here? Oh, he’s great.
- Come on, let’s go say hi.
- Uh, that’s not a good idea.
What? Why not? Come on, Ellie.
Hi, Mr Roberts.
Oh, hello, you two. How are you?
We’re fine. How are you?
I'm wonderful. And...
Oh, I’ll get that.
Hey, this looks ready now.
Can we eat it?
Umm, uh...
Come on. Let’s get some plates.
Do you want some help?
Yes, please.
Mm, this pizza looks so good.
Ruby, wait, ...
Mmmm, really good. You’re right, Tom -
you make great pizza.
But, Ruby, there’s cheese on the pizza,
and you hate cheese!
Well, yes, you’re right.
I don’t like cheese very much,
but on pizza - yum!
And there isn’t much cheese
on it. It’s just right!
Come on, boys. We can’t eat it all.
OK! Great!
Give me a slice!
Delicious!
Thanks, guys.
Here we are! Who wants chicken?
Chicken, too?! Yum!
Oh, I’d like a piece of chicken!
This looks great.